oh hi in an extreme situation you don't
have much time to think ah ah would your
logic skills pass the test no need to go
diving into a tank full of sharks I've
got some scenarios for you to try right
now keep track of how many you get right
your results wait at the end what to
take out of a burning house you get home
from work cook some soup on the stove
eat and go to bed exhausted at night the
smell of burning wakes you up you open
your eyes and realize that your
apartment is on fire all exits are
blocked
but fortunately firefighters have
already arrived you need to jump out the
window you live on the third floor and
the firefighters have deployed an
inflatable cushion below but you must
decide what to take with you before you
jump a laptop with all your work
projects or a safe with all your money
time's running out and you can only
choose one the answer is the laptop in
this hypothetical situation safes can
withstand high temperatures even in
fires so your money will be okay but you
can't return the data from a Bert laptop
even better save your work in the cloud
and leave all your material possessions
in an emergency
the philosophy students conundrum you're
a student and you have an important
philosophy exam today big stress
especially since you like most of your
peers didn't attend many classes or
learn anything this semester when you
come to the exam the teacher puts a
chair in the center of the classroom and
says none of you learn my subject so
everyone will have the same chance to
pass it see this chair write evidence
that it doesn't exist
the person who convinces me of this will
pass what should you write to East the
exam
the correct answer is what share the
shortest answer is usually the best
words of freedom now you're a formidable
pirate who sailed the ocean for years in
search of treasure you come to an island
and go to the jungle you find an ancient
cave where a chest with gold coins lies
but just as you're about to open it
the locals grab you and lead you to
their king you'll be tried for your
attempt at robbing their island you face
30 years locked up but the King decides
to give you a chance to free yourself he
asks you to name three body parts that
begin and end with the same letter ten
years will be taken from your term for
each correct answer you say the first
word without thinking I you're down to
20 years throat now ten what's the final
word that will set you free I the second
one a respectable dismissal you work for
a large company you're the best employee
but the boss suspects that you're
secretly working for a competitor and he
wants to get rid of you since you've
been such an outstanding worker he lets
you pick how you'll be dismissed so nice
what can you choose if you want to keep
your job but still satisfy the boss's
conditions say that you'd like to be
dismissed because of old age
where should I go to work you're a
builder looking for a new job you live
in a town where two construction
companies compete with each other both
follow the same rule they can't work on
their own properties you go to the first
one for an interview and you're
horrified by the conditions in their
headquarters the bricks on the building
are barely hanging on the electricity
flickers in and out and it just looks
like a mess you have your interview and
then head to the other company's office
you're blown away by how beautiful and
stylish this building is everything
looks brand-new and in working order the
choice seems obvious who will you work
for choose the first company with
terrible renovations because both
companies can't use their own services
that beautiful building was the
handiwork of the first company and the
second built that terrible office for
the first one the antidote well you're
back in the jungle but your usual fun
adventures have turned into your worst
nightmare you were bitten by a venomous
snake you make it to the nearest village
where the local doctor examines your
wound and gives you two tablets with an
antidote and two others with a catalyst
that activates the antidote inside your
body to be saved you need to take the
antidote first and then the catalyst
then take the same sequence in the
evening you put all the tablets in your
pocket but uh-oh they all look the same
and you got them mixed up you can't take
all four together but if you take two
catalysts or two antidotes at the same
time they'll just make you even sicker
what do you do
grind the tablets up makes all the
powder together and divide it in two
parts each half will have the same
amount of catalyst and antidote almost
free well you're a pirate again you get
caught trying to steal a treasure chest
but not on a desert island this time
it's in your own country you're summoned
to court and the King announces the
sentence life behind bars fortunately he
gives you a chance at freedom if you can
solve a riddle the King will cut your
sentence in half if you figure out how
to do it right what you decide the
correct answer spend one day locked up
the next day free you're not totally off
the hook but you did cut your sentence
in half how to fix the car you're
driving down a long wintery road a few
hours ago a mechanic changed your car's
tires but they didn't put the bolts back
in tightly on one of the wheels as
you're driving sure enough that wheel
pops right off fortunately you have a
spare in the truck but here's the
problem
those four bolts that were loose are now
lost in the snow
there's nowhere to wait for help you're
far from the nearest city and a blizzard
is coming in what's your next move
unscrew one bolt from each of the other
three wheels and use them to attach your
spare tire each wheel will have three
bolts this is enough to get to the
nearest car surface safely fire-rescue
you're on a small uninhabited island the
Sun is scorching and the grass on the
island is extremely dry well soon enough
a huge fire starts raging on the
opposite side the flames are headed
right toward you since the wind is
blowing in your direction
you can't seek refuge in the sea because
it's swarming with sharks boy it's not
your day how can you get away from the
fire
you need to move away from the shore and
toward the fire but don't go too far
then set the grass on fire the wind will
spread these new flames toward the sea
you'll be safe in this patch between the
fires until yours reaches the water and
goes out head back to the shore
the first fire won't reach you because
there won't be any grass to burn lost in
the desert you're travelling in a
hot-air balloon
when gale force winds take you far from
your destination the storm subsides and
you land in the middle of a desert you
have just one small bottle of water the
good news you know which way to go
the bad news according to your estimates
the journey will take at least three
days how will you survive the answer you
should move only at night using fabric
from the balloon create a nice shaded
tent for yourself and sleep in it during
the day at night the temperature in the
desert will become much lower which
means your body will lose less fluid
family fortune your father is a wealthy
aristocrat and wants to leave you a huge
inheritance jackpot but he wants to be
sure that you can manage his money
intelligently to check he asks you to
solve a riddle how do you feed a whole
family if you only have three dollars in
your pocket
[Music]
buy a cheap fishing pole and catch fish
okay now your results if you only
managed to answer zero to three riddles
your extreme thinking skills could use
some training you never know when you'll
face a situation that requires quick
logic from four to seven correct answers
you solve most problems confidently and
don't panic when sticky situations arise
with a little more practice you'll be
unstoppable eight to 11 solve puzzles
means your logic is top-notch your quick
thinking can help you get out of any
major problem hey if you learn something
new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life